[Week7] Clean Code Fix Typos and Inaccuracies (#1425)
rolling-scopes-school/tasks: stage1/modules/clean-code/materials/html-and-css.md

Use template or meaningful class names and identifiers.

> Instead of using ciphers or describing the appearance of an element, try to express the meaning of its creation in its name of a class or identifier or give it a template name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Rather than relying on ciphers or describing an element's appearance, aim to convey the purpose behind its creation in the name of its class or identifier. Alternatively, assign a descriptive template name.
```
